Hi everyone, it's Peter here. So in this video I just want to run through the solution to the
coursework just to give you a feel for how it should look when you build your solution,
to give you something that looks a little more interactive, shall we say, than the images that
you have to copy from. So here I'm looking at the Chessboxing HTML webpage. So this is when you run
your finished solution and you do so without running any of the CSS, this is what it should
look like. Now the first thing I want to draw your attention to is we have our Chessboxing title at
the top. Beneath that we have some links that take you to different sections of the of the page and
beneath this we have a problem with our image. So this, if you've seen the photo, is where you
should have the image. So if you've seen the image, you should have the image. So if you've seen the
image, you should have the image. So if you've seen the image, you should have the image. So if you've
seen the image, you should have the image. So if you've seen the image, you should have the image.
Chessboxing image. However, we have an issue with that and that is because the images are stored on
canvas. So please do bear this in mind when you are loading your images. Do remember to log into
canvas so that they will load. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to log into canvas and then
refresh this page. All right, so I'm now logged into canvas. So now I'm just going to refresh my
page.
And you'll see that the image has now loaded. So now we have the first image has loaded correctly.
And this should be the case with all of the images that have been uploaded to canvas for you. So if
you do get that error, just make sure that you are logged into canvas. And remember that if you are
not on campus, you may need to authenticate with canvas to allow it to let you load them up. So if
they're not showing up, just make sure that you have done that step. So moving down,
the page, you'll see that everything here is the same as in photograph, chestboxing, HTML, .png.
Nothing has been added, removed, or reordered. Everything remains the same. And indeed, this is how your
solution should look. So if I just scroll to the very bottom, and you'll see at the very bottom, we have
some external links, one to Wikipedia.
And if I go back, there's a second link to the chestboxing nation. Both of those links should work and take us to those
websites.
If I resize my window, there is not any significant changes because the HTML just, it just scales itself. We have no
styles applied and there should be no styles applied when you're running it in this view. Looking now at the CSS
version of the website.
Again, you'll see I need to refresh the page since we've now logged into canvas.
And then our images will load in.
So you have your title at the top, along with the navigation bar, which has the correct colors
for links when you hover with the mouse.
These links will take you to different anchor points in the page.
Then we have our text paragraphs here.
A little ichor to these links, an enwrap fade action will just show up in the match for photos.
Again you'll see I need to refresh the page since we've now logged
along with some boxes that float off to the right hand side.
You'll notice that there is a maximum width of the white page here
with some grey border at the right and left hand edges.
If I extend the window, the size of the grey border gets bigger
but the white page stays the same size.
I can shrink the page to begin shrinking past the grey area
and then once I've done that, the white page will start scaling.
So you see here, this is the suppressed floating of elements
which is something we're looking for in your solution.
As I continue to shrink the page, the box moves into the centre
and as I move even further, we switch to the mobile view of the website
where we have again our links which should now extend to fill the full width of the screen
and we can scroll down this page
to be able to see any of the symbols that we want.
So again, we have our values here.
This table, we have hovering actions present on here
so if we hover over the table, they highlight with different colours
and we can continue to scroll down to the very bottom of this page.
Again, all the content is exactly the same.
It's just that we have a little bit of a difference between the two.
So we can do the same as in the HTML version
except now we have the chess symbols on the headings here.
And as I extend the box once more,
you'll notice that the table begins to extend slightly.
So when we have marks for suppressing floating
and the organisations box, when you see that in the mark scheme,
we are talking about making sure you collapse
and show this in a correct manner.
So just to show you quickly the links as I haven't done that yet,
if I click the history link, I get taken to the history heading.
If I click the rules link, I get taken to rules and so on.
And likewise from the HTML page, if I click history, I go to history.
If I click rules, I go to rules and so on.
So that just gives you a brief overview of what the finished solution should look like.
If you do have any questions, please do come along to a practical class
or get in touch on the Canvas community.
Thank you.